Added My (Shashank Kirtania) blog post (#48)
pymc-devs/pymc.io: blog/blog_gsoc_2022.md

**Connecting**
- LinkedIn: [Shashank Kirtania]( https://www.linkedin.com/in/shashank-kirtania-83835b129/)
- GitHub: [@5hv5hvnk](http://github.com/5hv5hvnk)
:::
::::

1. __What motivated you to apply for GSoC with PyMC?__ 
  
     Initially, while in my first year, I heard about the open-source community, I did not understand how it worked, but with time the idea of open-source appealed to me. Contributing to large code bases was a very tough task for me at the beginning, I believe GSoC provides the right collaborative environment to contribute to such organizations. 

1. __Why did you choose your specific project topic?__

   Working with the deployment pipeline is a significant project, earlier, getting a chance to work with a team working on Bayesian modelling using PyMC, I knew why we needed this project. I felt this would be an excellent opportunity for me to work on the deployment of Bayesian models and understand the models in a better manner itself.

1. __How did you get involved in open source software?__

>     My first encounter to open-source software was in my first year of college. When I first heard about the Hacktober fest, sadly I wasn't skilled enough to contribute to any of the projects productively. With time as my skill improved, I got a chance to fix smaller beginner-friendly issues in PyMC itself. Later in the year, I got this opportunity to work on my first open-source project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    My first encounter to open-source software was in my first year of college. When I first heard about the Hacktoberfest, sadly I wasn't skilled enough to contribute to any of the projects productively. With time as my skill improved, I got a chance to fix smaller beginner-friendly issues in PyMC itself. Later in the year, I got this opportunity to work on my first open-source project.
```

1. __What are you expecting or hoping to get out of your GSoC experience?__

     I expect to complete my project and gain more experience deploying Bayesian models using PyMC. I have been working on my part to learn more about Bayesian modelling, and I am trying to understand the real-world use cases of the same. Hopefully by the end of GSoC experience I will be able to contribute more to projects related to the same.

1.  __What are your career goals? How do you see the GSoC program moving you towards them?__

>      In future, i do plan to build a career in the field of data science and machine learning; working on this project with PyMC is helping me improve my skill set and contribute to open source projects which I wouldn’t be able to without the collaborative environment that GSoC provides.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     In future, I do plan to build a career in the field of data science and machine learning; working on this project with PyMC is helping me improve my skill set and contribute to open source projects which I wouldn’t be able to without the collaborative environment that GSoC provides.
```
